README.md, before:

# **Horbit: Modern Healthcare Management Platform**

## Overview
Horbit is a robust and intuitive web application designed to streamline clinic and healthcare management workflows. Built with TypeScript, React, and Vite, it offers distinct interfaces for patients and doctors, facilitating efficient operations from live queue management to patient records.

## Features
*   ✨ **Role-Based Dashboards**: Tailored interfaces for patients and doctors, ensuring relevant access and functionality.
*   👩‍⚕️ **Doctor Availability Management**: System to manage and display doctor schedules and availability.
*   👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 **Patient Management**: Centralized system for viewing and managing patient information.
*   📈 **Live Queue Tracking**: Real-time monitoring and management of patient queues within the clinic.
*   📊 **Reporting & Analytics**: Tools for generating reports on clinic operations and patient data.
*   ⚙️ **System Settings**: Configurable options to customize application behavior.
*   🚀 **Fast Development Experience**: Leverages Vite for rapid development and efficient builds.
*   🎨 **Modern UI**: Styled with Tailwind CSS for a clean, responsive, and maintainable user interface.

## Getting Started

To get Horbit up and running on your local machine, follow these steps.

### Installation

1.  👯‍♀️ **Clone the Repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Emafido/Horbit.git
    ```
2.  📂 **Navigate to the Project Directory**:
    ```bash
    cd Horbit
    ```
3.  📦 **Install Dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

### Running the Application

1.  ▶️ **Start the Development Server**:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    The application will typically be accessible at `http://localhost:5173`.

2.  🌐 **Access in Browser**: Open your web browser and navigate to the address provided in your terminal (usually `http://localhost:5173`).

### Building for Production

1.  🛠️ **Build the Project**:
    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```
    This command compiles the TypeScript code and bundles the assets into the `dist` directory.

2.  🔍 **Preview the Production Build**:
    ```bash
    npm run preview
    ```
    This command serves the production build locally, allowing you to test it before deployment.

## Usage

Horbit provides a user-friendly interface for various roles within a healthcare setting. Upon launching the application:

*   **Landing Page**: The root path `/` serves as the entry point, likely providing an overview or options to navigate.
*   **Authentication**: Access the `/signin` route to log in. Depending on your credentials, you will be redirected to either the patient or doctor dashboard.
*   **Patient Home**: If logged in as a patient, you'll access `/patientshome` to view relevant information and interact with patient-specific features.
*   **Doctor Home**: Doctors can access `/doctorshome` to manage their schedules, view appointments, and oversee patient queues.
*   **Live Queue**: The `/livequeue` page provides real-time updates on patient flow and waiting times.
*   **Doctor Availability**: Use the `/doctoravailability` route to set or view doctor schedules.
*   **Patients Overview**: The `/patients` route likely offers a comprehensive list and details of all registered patients.
*   **Settings**: Navigate to `/settings` to configure application preferences.
*   **Reports**: Access `/reports` to generate and review various operational reports.

## Technologies Used

| Technology         | Description                           | Link                                                                        |
| :----------------- | :------------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **React**          | Frontend JavaScript library           | [React](https://react.dev/)                                                 |
| **TypeScript**     | Superset of JavaScript with type safety | [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)                               |
| **Vite**           | Next-generation frontend tooling      | [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)                                                 |
| **Tailwind CSS**   | Utility-first CSS framework           | [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)                                    |
| **React Router DOM** | Declarative routing for React         | [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)                             |
| **Lucide React**   | Beautiful, simply designed icons      | [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/icons/)                                   |
| **SweetAlert2**    | Responsive JavaScript alerts          | [SweetAlert2](https://sweetalert2.github.io/)                               |
| **ESLint**         | Pluggable JavaScript linter           | [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)                                               |

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to Horbit! To contribute, please follow these guidelines:

*   📥 **Fork the Repository**: Start by forking the project to your GitHub account.
*   🌿 **Create a New Branch**: For each new feature or bug fix, create a dedicated branch.
    ```bash
    git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
    ```
*   💾 **Commit Your Changes**: Make sure your commit messages are clear and descriptive.
*   ⬆️ **Push to Your Branch**: Push your changes to your forked repository.
*   🤝 **Open a Pull Request**: Submit a pull request to the `main` branch of the original repository.

Please ensure your code adheres to the project's coding standards and includes appropriate tests where applicable.

## Author Info

Developed with dedication by:

*   **Emmanuel Imafidon**
    *   LinkedIn: [Your LinkedIn Profile]
    *   Twitter: [Your Twitter Handle]

## Badges

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/acceptable-use-policies/github-terms-of-service#3-licensing-content-you-contribute-to-github)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)](https://react.dev/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-v10.8.1-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/)

[![Readme was generated by Dokugen](https://img.shields.io/badge/Readme%20was%20generated%20by-Dokugen-brightgreen)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dokugen)

Commit message:

Rename Horbit to ClinicFlow in README

README.md, after:

# **ClinicFlow: Modern Healthcare Management Platform**

## Overview
ClinicFlow is a robust and intuitive web application designed to streamline clinic and healthcare management workflows. Built with TypeScript, React, and Vite, it offers distinct interfaces for patients and doctors, facilitating efficient operations from live queue management to patient records.

## Features
*   ✨ **Role-Based Dashboards**: Tailored interfaces for patients and doctors, ensuring relevant access and functionality.
*   👩‍⚕️ **Doctor Availability Management**: System to manage and display doctor schedules and availability.
*   👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 **Patient Management**: Centralized system for viewing and managing patient information.
*   📈 **Live Queue Tracking**: Real-time monitoring and management of patient queues within the clinic.
*   📊 **Reporting & Analytics**: Tools for generating reports on clinic operations and patient data.
*   ⚙️ **System Settings**: Configurable options to customize application behavior.
*   🚀 **Fast Development Experience**: Leverages Vite for rapid development and efficient builds.
*   🎨 **Modern UI**: Styled with Tailwind CSS for a clean, responsive, and maintainable user interface.

## Getting Started

To get ClinicFlow up and running on your local machine, follow these steps.

### Installation

1.  👯‍♀️ **Clone the Repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Emafido/ClinicFlow.git
    ```
2.  📂 **Navigate to the Project Directory**:
    ```bash
    cd ClinicFlow
    ```
3.  📦 **Install Dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

### Running the Application

1.  ▶️ **Start the Development Server**:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    The application will typically be accessible at `http://localhost:5173`.

2.  🌐 **Access in Browser**: Open your web browser and navigate to the address provided in your terminal (usually `http://localhost:5173`).

### Building for Production

1.  🛠️ **Build the Project**:
    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```
    This command compiles the TypeScript code and bundles the assets into the `dist` directory.

2.  🔍 **Preview the Production Build**:
    ```bash
    npm run preview
    ```
    This command serves the production build locally, allowing you to test it before deployment.

## Usage

ClinicFlow provides a user-friendly interface for various roles within a healthcare setting. Upon launching the application:

*   **Landing Page**: The root path `/` serves as the entry point, likely providing an overview or options to navigate.
*   **Authentication**: Access the `/signin` route to log in. Depending on your credentials, you will be redirected to either the patient or doctor dashboard.
*   **Patient Home**: If logged in as a patient, you'll access `/patientshome` to view relevant information and interact with patient-specific features.
*   **Doctor Home**: Doctors can access `/doctorshome` to manage their schedules, view appointments, and oversee patient queues.
*   **Live Queue**: The `/livequeue` page provides real-time updates on patient flow and waiting times.
*   **Doctor Availability**: Use the `/doctoravailability` route to set or view doctor schedules.
*   **Patients Overview**: The `/patients` route likely offers a comprehensive list and details of all registered patients.
*   **Settings**: Navigate to `/settings` to configure application preferences.
*   **Reports**: Access `/reports` to generate and review various operational reports.

## Technologies Used

| Technology         | Description                           | Link                                                                        |
| :----------------- | :------------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **React**          | Frontend JavaScript library           | [React](https://react.dev/)                                                 |
| **TypeScript**     | Superset of JavaScript with type safety | [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)                               |
| **Vite**           | Next-generation frontend tooling      | [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)                                                 |
| **Tailwind CSS**   | Utility-first CSS framework           | [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)                                    |
| **React Router DOM** | Declarative routing for React         | [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)                             |
| **Lucide React**   | Beautiful, simply designed icons      | [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/icons/)                                   |
| **SweetAlert2**    | Responsive JavaScript alerts          | [SweetAlert2](https://sweetalert2.github.io/)                               |
| **ESLint**         | Pluggable JavaScript linter           | [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)                                               |

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to ClinicFlow! To contribute, please follow these guidelines:

*   📥 **Fork the Repository**: Start by forking the project to your GitHub account.
*   🌿 **Create a New Branch**: For each new feature or bug fix, create a dedicated branch.
    ```bash
    git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
    ```
*   💾 **Commit Your Changes**: Make sure your commit messages are clear and descriptive.
*   ⬆️ **Push to Your Branch**: Push your changes to your forked repository.
*   🤝 **Open a Pull Request**: Submit a pull request to the `main` branch of the original repository.

Please ensure your code adheres to the project's coding standards and includes appropriate tests where applicable.

## Author Info

Developed with dedication by:

*   **Emmanuel Imafidon**
    *   LinkedIn: [Your LinkedIn Profile]
    *   Twitter: [Your Twitter Handle]

## Badges

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/acceptable-use-policies/github-terms-of-service#3-licensing-content-you-contribute-to-github)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)](https://react.dev/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-v10.8.1-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/)

[![Readme was generated by Dokugen](https://img.shields.io/badge/Readme%20was%20generated%20by-Dokugen-brightgreen)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dokugen)
